Name of Project: BINGO
Author: Jefferson Kadiri(Venex-Source)
Start-Date: 03/June/2022
End-Date: 13/June/2022
Aim: To Improve My Javascript skills and My love to create game 🎮🎰 .

Problems:
	HTML
. How to create the table
. Boxes for the Cards
. The button with div and input. 

	CSS
. The glowing effect for the bingo game.
. The styling for the card
. The styling for the bingo text character
. Styling and positioning the div, input 
. random number box with button and input
. responsiveness for all element

	JS
. Displaying values in the card
. Generate random numbers for each card and displaying it.
. Get unique random number from 1 - 100 without a value been repeated
  in the same card
. Re-write 3 Js problem to create clean coding and to keep code DRY.
. Add background color onclick of a value
. Shuffle button to get new card and remove background color.
. Calling random number for user and bot
. Bot automatically tick if random value is included in the card
. if random value is not in bot or user card click can't work
. Bingo game logic
. Shuffle Card to Start New game
.Still Refactoring
SOLUTIONS
	HTML
. Learnt how to create a table with table, tr , th, td
. Learnt the right element that we would use for styling the card
. Added input and other necessary div 
	CSS
. Learnt how animation works with the timing convention
. Learnt how to:
	. Style the  card and position
	. Spacing around the card
	. Media query for responsiveness
.Learnt text shadow
. built a table to store random value for card and guess number
. used media queria and css property for styling and responsiveness

	JS
. Learnt to display value using the innerHTML.
. Learnt to target element with the same id using (document.querySeletorAll)
. Learnt to loop through the length of the id (didn't even know it was possible
  well it's programming so not really that suprised 😁) 
. Did the random values on card: 
	. From  1-16 with the math.random then flooring it to get a perfect integer and stored the value in an array. 
	. Then using a while loop and the include method i was able to check if the new random value was 
	in the array if 'YES' then get a random value again but if 'FALSE' then push value to the array.
	.Then made my code clean and DRY with the a function to accept the parameters 'card1' and 'card2'.
. Did the styling of removing every background on click of shuffle by looping through the id and removing the class. 
. Did the bingo logic by checking if bot or user checked button includes an array.
. Shuffle card to reset game to default.
. Still working on the refactoring of code